From: "NAB Schools First" <info@schoolsfirst.edu.au> 
To: "Bernanda Telalovic" <bernie.books@live.com>
Date: Fri, 30 Nov 2012 11:00:10
Subject: NAB Schools First newsletter - November 2012

Body: 

Having trouble viewing this email?  View it in your browser http://mymail.efront.com.au/t/r-e-uljrcy-ydgtijtii-d/.

NAB Schools First Newsletter - Friday, 30 November 2012            A win for Tumut is a win for the region

Since winning the NAB Schools First 2012 National Impact Award, Tumut High School, has announced plans to expand its partnership into other Riverina communities; a vision made possible thanks to its $200,000 win.The partnership is now developing a Prospectus in an effort to attract additional partners/sponsors/investors to maximise the quality and reach of the program.



In the meantime the partnership has been busy conducting a steady stream of media interviews since news of its NAB Schools First success which has been great for the profile of the school in their region, and through national media outlets across Australia.



Celebrating our winners in 2013

2013 signals an exciting change to the way that NAB Schools First celebrates our Impact Award winners.



For the first time, NAB Schools First will celebrate award winning school-community partnerships for their achievement in improving student educational outcomes across one of eight critical capability areas.



These eight capability areas will replace our State Winners, and have been determined following an extensive review of research and trend data, award applications for the past four years, plus significant consultation between NAB, ACER and FYA.



Read more... [http://www.schoolsfirst.edu.au/sf-news/reminder--program-changes-in-2013-.phps]



A Fellowship has formed

The NAB Schools First Fellowship is a group of best-practice past winners who value the transformational outcomes provided to students by school-community partnerships.

The Fellowship has been formed to work with schools and communities to build stronger, more sustainable partnerships.

We hope to inspire innovation and creativity in new partnerships, and aim to help build their profile towards stronger, student-centred school community partnerships across Australia.



At this year's inaugural meeting, we discussed the future directions of the Fellowship. In 2013, we will host a forums to assist others to consider applying for a NAB Schools First Award.



- Jan Marshall, Deputy Principal, Canberra College



Further details on how to connect with the NAB Schools First Fellowship will be available on our  website  [http://www.schoolsfirst.edu.au]soon.



A note from one of our Partnership Managers

Hi Everyone.



I'm Tim Mahlberg, I work as a Culture & Engagement Analyst at NAB, but I also volunteer my time to be a NAB Schools First Partnership Manager for Broadmedow's Primary School.



Becoming a NAB Schools First Partnership Manager for Broadmeadow's Meadows Primary School was an opportunity for me to help make a real difference within the community. Their partnership with Melbourne Symphony Orchestra (MSO) won a NAB Schools First 2011 Impact award for The Pizzicato Effect, a music program for some of the city's most disadvantaged students.



I have worked with the partnership to identify ways NAB can add value beyond finances. This included the development of a strategic five-year plan, exploring additional volunteer opportunities in marketing and website development for both partners, as well as linking senior teachers with professional development courses here at NAB.



Through volunteering I have seen how our roles within NAB can be stretched beyond the business to help the community.

The Pizzicato Effect students recently performed for The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall at a showcasing of Victoria's talented young artists (part of the Queen's Jubilee celebrations). I was invited as our NAB representative - it was a small audience with Their Majesties, and I was honoured to be invited.



From the eyes of the students

Feedback from the National Gala Event praised the involvement of two students who were given the opportunity to speak about their school-community partnership, and its direct impact on them. After the national event we asked them about their experience:



• What is your name?

AA: Adam Alahmad RA: Raneem Alqysie



• What year are you in?

AA: Year 11

RA:  Year 10



• Did you meet anyone who has left an impression on you?

AA: Peter Garrett left a huge impression on me because of meeting such a high-levelled person. RA: Minister Garrett, the Federal Minister for Education made a great impression because even though he is a very important person he spoke to me for quite a long time and he showed a lot of interest in my story.

• What did you think of the whole experience?

AA: The experience was great and I would be happy to do it again. RA: Fantastic. One of the best things that has ever happened to me.

• What was the highlight?

AA: Meeting important people, conquering my fear of speaking in front of an audience.RA: The highlight was having the opportunity to tell my story, talk about how the project has helped me and perhaps help make the opportunity given to me to fix health issues become available to all young people in my situation.



To read  Adam  [http://www.schoolsfirst.edu.au/docs/adam-alahmad-speech.pdf]and  Raneem's [http://www.schoolsfirst.edu.au/docs/raneems-speech.pdf] speeches please click links.



Riding the wave of success!

Geelong High School was announced as a 2012 Impact winner for its partnership with Ocean Grove Surf Life Saving Club.  The $30,000 award-winning partnership positively engages students in VCE/VCAL studies, encouraging them to become more connected to their community, increase their wellbeing and ultimately to link productively to the work force.

The program has now expanded to include 180 Year 7 students. Another positive spin-off for the community is the increase in committed and qualified Club volunteers.





You're receiving this because you joined the mailing list on the  NAB Schools First Website [http://www.schoolsfirst.edu.au].

Received in error?  Unsubscribe immediately http://mymail.efront.com.au/t/r-u-uljrcy-ydgtijtii-h/.
