From: Zooniverse Team <team@ZOONIVERSE.ORG>
To: ZOONIVERSE@JISCMAIL.AC.UK
Date: Tue, 04 Dec 2012 09:48:17
Subject: Cyclone Center and the Zooniverse Advent Calendar

Body: 

Greetings,

It's day three of the Zooniverse advent calendar (
https://www.zooniverse.org/advent) and today we're showcasing Cyclone
Center. With the Atlantic hurricane season at an end, this is a great time
to update you on progress of this project that we launched back in
September. Cyclone Center has had more than 100,000 classifications so far
and the community has analyzed more than 500 storms as they raced across
the globe.

The weather data used on the site comes from 30 years of satellite images -
you can read more on the excellent Cyclone Center blog (at
blog.cyclonecenter.org) - so many memorable storms are being closely
inspected by volunteers on the site each day: Katrina (2005), Andrew (1992)
and Gilbert (1988) amongst them. These storms keep coming every year, and
2012 was no exception. The data from this past season, including storms
like Hurricane Sandy, will one day make it into Cyclone Center as the
classifications roll on.

If you'd like to help the Cyclone Center science team to learn more about
hurricanes and tropical storms, then head over to
http://www.cyclonecenter.org and start tracking your first storm!  The
Cyclone Center science team will be closely monitoring the Cyclone Center
Talk and Facebook pages to provide real-time classification support to help
you get started.


Thanks,

Rob and the Zooniverse Team

PS We're looking for beta testers for a new project. If you'd like to help
test a new nature project, then email team@zooniverse.org with the subject
line "Nature Beta". We'll select a handful of volunteers and give them a
sneak-peek at what's coming up next.

UNSUBSCRIBE INSTRUCTIONS:
You're receiving this email because you have taken part in one or more
Zooniverse projects, such as Galaxy Zoo or Planet Hunters. To unsubscribe
instantly from Zooniverse communications, visit
www.zooniverse.org/unsubscribe. To manage your newsletter settings, visit
www.zooniverse.org/account/newsletters
